[Music]
that is intriguing I'm just in what I'm
doing right now my money God made this
land for all of us
greedy people like you want to hog it to
yourself and your family and my family
yeah
Cassius I'm your uncle I just
really need a job
telemarketing stick to the script
[Music]
hello I'll just catch the screen sorry
to bother
I've just wanted to make you want to
make some money here use your white
voice my white boards thank this young
black
hey mr. Kramer this is Langston from
Riga love you was that Visa or
MasterCard
you're going upstairs my compadre okay
Bravo you don't have to sell out I'm not
selling out here's the starting salary
well man I'm gonna have to get me some
new suits we will have a transformative
experience
[Music]
you you you
I'm doing something I'm really good at
catches the old you is way more
interested you are rolling with the big
dogs
greetings Cassius green I hope you did
not masturbate today we need you sharp
and ready to go
[Music]